# Relative and participle clauses

06.10.2021

## Exercises

**6/40**book:

- Televisions used to have a dial, that was used to change the channel.
- Technology is always changing, which I find exciting.
- Holly sent a text message whose recipient is her grandfather.:
  - The person who Holly sent the text message to was her grandfather.
  - The person to whom Holly sent the text message was her grandfather.
- Liam has lost his phone, which was very expensive.
- Eugene, who is very absent-minded, has lost his phone.
- The UK, where ninety-nine percent of young Britons use the Internet, generally has good Wi-Fi.
- My grandmother's Wi-Fi is very slow, which is why she struggles to stream videos.:
  - My grandmother, whose wi-fi is very slow, struggles to stream videos.
- Carbon paper was one of the items which Holly was asking about.

**8/40**book:

- Did you take the charger plugged in next to the TV?
- Anyone wanting to speak on the phone had to go into the hall.
- The only people using non-smart mobile phones now are the elderly.
- I don't want to sit next to that woman shouting into her phone.
- Mobiles are bad for the environment because of the metals needed to make them.
- People buying that smartphone don't realise that a new model is about to come out.

**A**pdf:

- whose
- why
- which
- whose
- when, who
- where
- which
- when
- which
- who
- which
- whom
- what, which
- who

**B**pdf:

- 3, 5b, 7, 9, 14

**C**pdf:

- 2, 3, 5, 6, 10, 13, 14

**D**pdf:

- .

**E**pdf:

- .
- The film, which was directed by Mel Gibson, is actually in Hebrew.
- .
- I bumped into Katherine the other day, which was a strange coincidence.

**f**PDF:

- in/during
- for
- of
- on
- for
- of
- by
- to
- of
- at
- in
- of

**J**pdf:

- 1: While
- 2: however,
- 3: as,
- 4: Despite,
- 5: though
- 6: in spite of,
- 7: whereas,
- 8: Even though,
- 9: Much,
- 10: if

**K**pdf:

- **I**pdf:

- 1: given

- **L**pdf:

- 1: C
- 2: C
- 3: A
- 4: D
- 5: B
- 6: D

**M**pdf:

- 1 which
- 2 whose
- 3 Having
- 4 where
- 5 THIS // surgery/treatment
- 6 who
- 7 in/during
- 8 Otherwise
- 9 made
- 10 While
- 11 taken
- 12 that
- 13
- 14
- 15 if
