# Sensational "government abduction" hoax hits headlines

In a hard-hitting report that turned out to be fake, it was supposedly "uncovered" that the Columbian govt. in a strange act of defiance of int. law refused to stop the kidnapping of worldwide celebrity Jakub Pinkowski. The authors of the bizzare article claimed they acted in the public interest by revealing the story that would've remained off the record otherwise. They hinted at the Columbian president's speech, in which he famously outraged the Polish community by saying he "wants to kill Pinkowski for tax fraud and the capture and maintaining of Pablo Escobar's fortune". It really is a heartbreaking story. The article contains signs that the Guziec Agency of Investigation has been hard at work trying to resolve the mystery, verifying both sides of the story and finally solving the puzzle. According to the wild claims present in the article, Pinkowski was assassinated by pouring boiling oil into his throat - quite a quirky method indeed. "The Special Guziec Task Force needs to expose the rampant corruption in this country!", the article said, adding "The present sources of revenue generation in Columbia are not enough to support both the country and its politicians."

We believe it is our mission to eliminate the weird clickbait stories by raising awareness about them and promoting topical, newsworthy and balanced articles that don't feel like collecting clues nor solving an enigma. Maybe our attention spans might even go up as a result!

In reality, it really is a heartwarming story. In an exclusive interview with Mr. Pinkowski that recently went viral, he shared that he had a great time in the Columbian state of Bolivar, and that God was generous by shedding so much light on his skin. He was sunbathing.
