1. The Mothman is a humanoid creature in West Virginia folklore, said to be the size of a man, with massive wings like a hawk. The moth part of the name likely comes from its fondness of light - or lack thereof. Motives unknown.
2. Sightings in November 1966, when two married couples traveling by car at night, exploring an old area of an abandoned military site spotted something in the distance, flying across the road and scurrying about on the dirt ahead of them
3. Its eyes glowed red when light was shined upon it, but it was hard to see otherwise
4. At some point it started attacking the roof of their car, hovering above it and gliding through the air. It persisted until they reached the National Guard Armory on Route 62.
5. They theorised that the creature was scared of light, and by attacking a car with headlights it might've been trying to scare the humans off and protect its home.
6. They went straight to the police, but a patrol sent that way has not spotted a thing
7. The sightings continued for a year, though there were many more during the winter times. They ceased completely by January 1968. A small movie was made about the Mothman in year 2002.
8. Years later it was concluded that the mythical-like creature was likely not a combination of a man and moth, but probably a large preying bird that lived in the abandoned site. Even though the phenomenon has a rational explanation, the town of Point Pleasant holds an Annual Mothman Festival each year since the release of the movie where the mothman was featured, as it is a story unique to their town that serves as a great tourist attraction.
